Added --component option to just output the version of the components like client|pipeline|triggers (#1093)
tektoncd/cli: docs/cmd/tkn_version.md

### Options

```
  -c, --check              check if a newer version is available

>   -C, --component string   provide a paticular component name for it's version (client|pipeline|triggers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -C, --component string   provide a particular component name for its version (client|pipeline|triggers)
```
